Workflows: extract Location-column schema convention into a reusable snippet (#6724)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/_snippets/schema-location-legend.md

> **Schema convention.** In each schema table below, the `Location` column indicates where each parameter sits in the YAML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Schema convention.** In each schema table on this page, the `Location` column indicates where each parameter sits in the YAML:
```

- `top level` — Alongside `type` and `name`, at the top of the step or trigger definition.
- `` `with` `` — Inside the step's `with:` block.

> - `` `on` `` — Inside the trigger's `on:` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `top level`: Alongside `type` and `name`, at the top of the step or trigger definition.
- `` `with` ``: Inside the step's `with:` block.
- `` `on` ``: Inside the trigger's `on:` block.
```
Nit
